TEPs: update table of contents current TEPs… (#156)
tektoncd/community: teps/0002-custom-tasks.md

which eventually updates its status to signal task completion.

To achieve this, Tekton will define a new type, `Run`, first in

> `v1alpha1`, with the intention of iterating and, if there's support, bringing

Reviewer: there's a rogue character here:

```suggestion
`v1alpha1`, with the intention of iterating and, if there's support, bringing
```
